MP-2467 Filter products by merchant in backoffice (#274)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-integration-guides/202108.0/marketplace-product-feature-integration.md

```bash

> composer require spryker-feature/marketplace-product: "dev-master" --update-with-dependencies

Reviewer: please use release tag

Author: command that install feature should be with `dev-master` according to "Feature integration guides"

| MerchantProductAbstractMapExpanderPlugin                     | Adds merchant names to product abstract search data.         |           | Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductSearch\Communication\Plugin\ProductPageSearch |
| MerchantProductPageDataExpanderPlugin                        | Expands the provided ProductAbstractPageSearch transfer object's data by merchant names. |           | Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductSearch\Communication\Plugin\ProductPageSearch |
| MerchantProductPageDataLoaderPlugin                          | Expands ProductPageLoadTransfer object with merchant data.   |           | Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductSearch\Communication\Plugin\ProductPageSearch |

> | Merchant\MerchantProductSearchWritePublisherPlugin           | Publish the product by merchant ids in ES. |           | Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductSearch\Communication\Plugin\Publisher |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Merchant\MerchantProductSearchWritePublisherPlugin           | Publishes the product by merchant ids to ES. |           | Spryker\Zed\MerchantProductSearch\Communication\Plugin\Publisher |
```
please check everywhere

Author: fixed
